1. Gangster Rat - Sporting a pinstripe suit and a sly grin, Gangster Rat is always ready for a heist.
2. Fireman Rat - With a tiny helmet and a hero's heart, Fireman Rat is the first to scurry into the flames.
3. Captain Rat - Steering the cheese rind boat with confidence, Captain Rat is the bravest on the seven seas.
4. Doctor Rat - With a stethoscope hanging around his neck, Doctor Rat is on the run to save his fellow critters.
5. Chef Rat - Wielding a miniature spatula, Chef Rat cooks up gourmet crumbs like a master.
6. Astronaut Rat - In a little space suit, Astronaut Rat is ready to explore the galaxies of your kitchen.
7. Ninja Rat - A master of stealth, Ninja Rat is a shadow in the night, silent but friendly.
8. Cowboy Rat - With a hat and boots fit for a rodeo, Cowboy Rat is the sheriff of the pantry.
9. Pirate Rat - With a patch over one eye, Pirate Rat is seeking treasure in the fridge.
10. Artist Rat - With a paintbrush and a beret, Artist Rat is a tiny visionary of abstract crumbs.
11. Detective Rat - With a magnifying glass and an eye for detail, Detective Rat is on the case.
12. King Rat - Wearing a crown and a regal cloak, King Rat rules over the maze with benevolence.
13. Queen Rat - With a glittering tiara and a majestic pose, Queen Rat is the belle of the ball.
14. Wizard Rat - With a pointy hat and a magic wand, Wizard Rat conjures up spells and cheese.
15. Punk Rat - With a leather jacket and a rebellious streak, Punk Rat is the cool kid of the sewer.
16. Surfer Rat - With a tiny surfboard and a laid-back attitude, Surfer Rat rides the waves of the puddles.
17. Scientist Rat - With goggles and a lab coat, Scientist Rat is researching the physics of cheese.
18. Soldier Rat - With a little helmet and a brave heart, Soldier Rat stands guard over the snack cabinet.
19. Rapper Rat - With a mic and rhymes about cheese, Rapper Rat is the star of the alley.
20. Ballerina Rat - With a tutu and graceful moves, Ballerina Rat dances through the kitchen after dark.
21. Superhero Rat - With a cape and an eye mask, Superhero Rat is ready to swoop in and save the day.
22. Spy Rat - With a sneaky disposition and gadgets galore, Spy Rat knows all the secrets of the pantry.
23. Viking Rat - With a helmet and a spirit for adventure, Viking Rat is ready to conquer new lands.
24. Santa Rat - With a bag full of crumbs and a jolly laugh, Santa Rat delivers treats to all the good mice.
25. Robin Hood Rat - With a bow and a quiver of toothpicks, Robin Hood Rat redistributes cheese to the needy.
26. Zombie Rat - With a taste for cheese brains, Zombie Rat shuffles through the shadows.
27. Magician Rat - With a top hat and a deck of tiny cards, Magician Rat is ready to amaze.
28. Knight Rat - With a foil and a shield, Knight Rat stands ready to defend the honor of the cheese.
29. Pilot Rat - With goggles and a leather cap, Pilot Rat is ready to fly high in the kitchen skies.
30. Bard Rat - With a lute and a song, Bard Rat entertains the masses with tales of daring cheese quests.
31. Pharaoh Rat - With an ornate headdress, Pharaoh Rat rules over the grains of the pantry.
32. Samurai Rat - With a bushido code and a sharp toothpick, Samurai Rat is a warrior of old.
33. Disc Jockey Rat - With headphones and a turntable, DJ Rat drops the cheesiest beats.
34. Jester Rat - With bells on his hat and a knack for jokes, Jester Rat is the life of the party.
35. Mountaineer Rat - With a rope and a pickaxe, Mountaineer Rat is climbing the highest kitchen counters.
36. Judge Rat - With a gavel and a serious demeanor, Judge Rat presides over the cases of the cupboard.
37. Lumberjack Rat - With a flannel shirt and an axe, Lumberjack Rat is the toughest in the forest of chair legs.
38. Monk Rat - With a robe and a peaceful aura, Monk Rat meditates on the meaning of cheese.
40. Gardener Rat - Cultivating tiny gardens of mold, Gardener Rat has the greenest paws in the cellar.
41. Mechanic Rat - Grease-stained and gear-savvy, Mechanic Rat can fix any clockwork cheese trap.
42. Opera Singer Rat - Hitting high notes in the moonlight, Opera Singer Rat's voice can make a cat weep.
43. Archaeologist Rat - Dusting off old pizza crusts, Archaeologist Rat uncovers the secrets of ancient snacks.
44. Librarian Rat - Keeper of the ancient texts on napkin scraps, Librarian Rat shushes louder than the rest.
45. Skateboarder Rat - Kickflipping over matchbox ramps, Skateboarder Rat is the rodent Tony Hawk.
46. Florist Rat - Arranging petals and leaves, Florist Rat brings beauty to the dank corners of the basement.
47. Tailor Rat - Sewing up stylish acorn caps, Tailor Rat has a flair for high fashion.
48. Baker Rat - Kneading dough balls the size of marbles, Baker Rat's bakery is the hottest spot under the stove.
49. Diver Rat - Exploring the depths of the sink, Diver Rat searches for the lost treasures of the drain.
50. Circus Director Rat - Orchestrating the acrobatic antics, Circus Director Rat is the visionary behind the big top spectaculars.
51. Race Car Driver Rat - Zooming around in a bottle cap car, Race Car Driver Rat has never lost a matchbox race.
52. Yoga Instructor Rat - Stretching into the most intricate poses, Yoga Instructor Rat finds zen on a leaf mat.
53. Historian Rat - Chronicling the great cheese discoveries, Historian Rat is a scholar of the crumbs.
54. Astronomer Rat - Gazing through a rolled-up paper telescope, Astronomer Rat charts the constellations of lightbulb stars.
55. Politician Rat - Campaigning for more cheese rights, Politician Rat has a platform that appeals to all rodents.
56. Beekeeper Rat - Tending to a hive of buzzy fruit flies, Beekeeper Rat harvests the sweetest drops of jam.
57. Electrician Rat - Navigating the wires behind the walls, Electrician Rat keeps the burrow bright.
58. Marathon Runner Rat - Training by scampering up and down the pipes, Marathon Runner Rat is the fittest in the pack.
59. Chess Master Rat - Outwitting opponents on a checkered battlefield, Chess Master Rat is a strategist at heart.
60. Inventor Rat - Dreaming up gadgets to scale fridges, Inventor Rat is the Edison of the rat world.
61. Poet Rat - Scribbling verses on scraps, Poet Rat captures the beauty of the shadows in rhyme.
62. Magistrate Rat - Upholding the laws of the landfills, Magistrate Rat is a just and fair leader.
63. Paleontologist Rat - Digging through the compost, Paleontologist Rat discovers fossils of forgotten fruit.
64. Cartographer Rat - Mapping the nooks and crannies of the kitchen, Cartographer Rat never gets lost.
65. Alchemist Rat - Mixing potions of puddle water and syrup, Alchemist Rat seeks to turn scraps into gold.
66. Snowboarder Rat - Carving down the slopes of frozen peas, Snowboarder Rat is cool as ice.
67. Philosopher Rat - Pondering the existential questions of cheese, Philosopher Rat is the Socrates of the sewers.
68. Mime Rat - Trapped in invisible boxes, Mime Rat entertains without ever making a squeak.
69. Gemologist Rat - Admiring the sparkle of sugar crystals, Gemologist Rat has an eye for shiny things.
70. Biologist Rat - Studying the life cycles of mold spores, Biologist Rat is fascinated by microcosms.
71. Botanist Rat - Discovering new species of kitchen herbs, Botanist Rat has a herb for every ailment.
72. Boxer Rat - Training on thimble punching bags, Boxer Rat is the lightweight champion of the wall voids.
73. Brewer Rat - Fermenting tiny vats of apple juice, Brewer Rat has the best brew in the burrow.
74. Calligrapher Rat - Crafting elegant letters with a bristle brush, Calligrapher Rat writes the finest invitations to cheese balls.
75. Cameraman Rat - Shooting films with a lentil lens, Cameraman Rat is the Scorsese of the skirting boards.
76. Cyclist Rat - Racing on a paper clip bike, Cyclist Rat is preparing for the Tour de Crumb.
77. Geologist Rat - Examining the mineral content of drywall, Geologist Rat can tell you the age of any foundation.
78. Harpist Rat - Plucking strings of spider silk, Harpist Rat fills the night with haunting melodies
79. Ice Skater Rat - Gliding across butter dish rinks, Ice Skater Rat performs twirls worthy of a gold medal.
80. Jeweler Rat - Crafting exquisite rings from bottle ring seals, Jeweler Rat adorns the fanciest whiskers.
81. Journalist Rat - Reporting on the latest kitchen spills, Journalist Rat is always on the scent of a new story.
82. Judge Rat - Presiding over cheese disputes, Judge Rat rules the cracker box courtroom with an iron paw.
83. Kite Surfer Rat - Riding the drafts above the toaster, Kite Surfer Rat soars on bread tie kites.
84. Linguist Rat - Fluent in both human and insect tongues, Linguist Rat bridges the gap between species.
85. Locksmith Rat - Picking locks with a whisker, Locksmith Rat is the escape artist of the alleyways.
86. Mathematician Rat - Calculating the most efficient crumb collection routes, Mathematician Rat loves a good cheese equation.
87. Novelist Rat - Weaving tales of daring dumpster dives, Novelist Rat is a bestseller in the book nooks.
88. Optometrist Rat - Fitting the tiniest glasses, Optometrist Rat ensures every rodent sees the cheese clearly.
89. Paleographer Rat - Deciphering the oldest recipes, Paleographer Rat traces the origins of the first cheese.
90. Parachutist Rat - Leaping from bookshelves with a leaf chute, Parachutist Rat is the daredevil of the air.
91. Philanthropist Rat - Sharing stashes of seeds and nuts, Philanthropist Rat is the benefactor of the burrows.
92. Photographer Rat - Capturing moments with a button lens, Photographer Rat has an eye for candid shots.
93. Playwright Rat - Scripting dramas about forbidden cheese love, Playwright Rat's productions are the talk of the tunnels.
94. Podcaster Rat - Broadcasting chatter from a matchbox studio, Podcaster Rat has the most listened to squeaks.
95. Potter Rat - Molding acorn cap bowls, Potter Rat throws the finest pottery in the roots.
96. Puppeteer Rat - Staging plays with acorn dolls, Puppeteer Rat is a master of miniature theater.
97. Ranger Rat - Patrolling the park for picnic opportunities, Ranger Rat is the guardian of the green.
98. Sculptor Rat - Chiseling away at soap sculptures, Sculptor Rat's creations are sudsy wonders.
99. Shaman Rat - Conjuring cheese spirits with a whisker wand, Shaman Rat is the mystic of the mouseholes.
100. Tightrope Walker Rat - Balancing on shoelace high wires, Tightrope Walker Rat defies danger with every step.
101. Translator Rat - Bridging languages with a flick of the tail, Translator Rat ensures all rodents understand the cheese news.
102. Urban Planner Rat - Designing elaborate burrows with interconnected tunnels, Urban Planner Rat is the visionary of vermin infrastructure.
103. Vintner Rat - Aging the finest grape juice in bottle cap barrels, Vintner Rat is the sommelier of the sewers.
104. Watchmaker Rat - Tinkering with tiny gears and springs, Watchmaker Rat keeps time ticking for the nocturnal.
105. Xylophonist Rat - Playing melodies on pint-sized xylophones, Xylophonist Rat is a maestro of mallets.
106. Yachtsman Rat - Sailing the suds in a soap dish yacht, Yachtsman Rat is the admiral of the bathtub.
107. Zoologist Rat - Documenting the behaviors of house spiders, Zoologist Rat is an expert in domestic wildlife.
108. Acrobat Rat - Mastering the art of cartwheels on bottle rims, Acrobat Rat is a circus star in the making.
109. Balladeer Rat - Crooning moonlit melodies, Balladeer Rat is the serenader of the subway lines.
110. Explorer Rat - With a compass and a daring spirit, Explorer Rat charts unexplored territories beyond the pantry walls.
111. Drummer Rat - Keeping rhythm on tin can drums, Drummer Rat is the heartbeat of the alleyway band.
112. Entomologist Rat - Studying the bugs in the basement, Entomologist Rat is the bug buddy of the burrow.
113. Feng Shui Expert Rat - Arranging pebbles and leaves for optimal energy flow, Feng Shui Expert Rat harmonizes the habitat.
114. Glassblower Rat - Shaping miniature vases from bubbles, Glassblower Rat is the artisan of the airy sculptures.
115. Herbalist Rat - Mixing remedies from pantry spices, Herbalist Rat is the healer with a herb for every itch.
116. Illusionist Rat - Making cheese disappear and reappear, Illusionist Rat is the Houdini of rodents.
117. Juggler Rat - Tossing tiny tomatoes with ease, Juggler Rat is the entertainer with never a dropped snack.
118. Kayaker Rat - Paddling through puddles in a bottle cap, Kayaker Rat is the adventurer of the alley puddles.
300. Wraith Rat - Haunting the waste, Wraith Rat is the ruthless raider of the refuse.
120. Caver Rat - Delving into the darkest nooks, Caver Rat maps the mysterious under-sink caverns.
121. Navigator Rat - Guiding rodent travelers by the stars, Navigator Rat is the compass of the critters.
122. Origamist Rat - Folding paper scraps into art, Origamist Rat is the master of paper creases.
123. Paleontologist Rat - Excavating ancient kernels, Paleontologist Rat is the discoverer of prehistoric popcorn.
124. Quilter Rat - Stitching together leaf patches, Quilter Rat is the warm heart with the coziest covers.
125. Rodeo Rat - Riding dust bunnies like bulls, Rodeo Rat is the cowboy with the wildest rides.
126. Stargazer Rat - Dreaming beneath the skylight, Stargazer Rat is the astronomer with cheese constellations in mind.
127. Slackliner Rat - Mastering the tensioned line between milk cartons, Slackliner Rat is the balancer of the narrow thread.
128. Upholsterer Rat - Covering matchbox sofas with petal fabrics, Upholsterer Rat is the decorator with the softest touch.
129. Ventriloquist Rat - Throwing voice to converse with a nut puppet, Ventriloquist Rat is the performer with the most convincing squeak.
130. Wrestler Rat - Grappling in ring-bound paperclips, Wrestler Rat is the champion of the twist-tie ring.
131. YoYo Expert Rat - Flicking a spindle with ease, Yo-Yo Expert Rat is the trickster with the spinning string.
132. Zitherist Rat - Plucking heartstrings with leaf zithers, Zitherist Rat is the musician with melodies of the meadows.
133. Pastry Chef Rat - Whisking tiny confections, Pastry Chef Rat is the creator of micro macarons and petite pastries.
134. Triathlete Rat - Mastering running, swimming, and cycling through the apartment, Triathlete Rat is the multi-sport marvel.
135. Dancer Rat - Twirling through the dust, Dancer Rat is the ballerina with the most delicate of steps.
136. Engineer Rat - Building bridges from popsicle sticks, Engineer Rat is the architect of the most intricate passageways.
137. Botanical Artist Rat - Crafting delicate art from petals and stems, Botanical Artist Rat creates masterpieces from the garden's bounty.
138. Gemcutter Rat - Sculpting beauty from pebbles, Gemcutter Rat is the jeweler with an eye for sparkle.
139. Harbormaster Rat - Overseeing the bottle cap boats, Harbormaster Rat is the sentinel of the sudsy seas.
140. Ice Sculptor Rat - Carving chilly masterpieces, Ice Sculptor Rat is the artist with the coldest touch.
141. Jockey Rat - Galloping on the back of a mouse, Jockey Rat is the racer with the steadiest mount.
142. Kinesiologist Rat - Understanding the stretch and pull of every muscle, Kinesiologist Rat is the therapist with the healing paws.
144. Meteorologist Rat - Predicting the climate of corners and crevices, Meteorologist Rat is the forecaster with the most accurate whisker twitches.
145. Numismatist Rat - Collecting the shiniest of discards, Numismatist Rat is the curator of the coin-less treasures.
146. Oboist Rat - Serenading the night with reed songs, Oboist Rat is the musician with the windiest whims.
147. Pathfinder Rat - Discovering routes through the unseen, Pathfinder Rat is the explorer with the map in mind.
148. Quarterback Rat - Calling plays in the matchbox stadium, Quarterback Rat is the athlete with the best game plan.
149. Ringmaster Rat - Conducting the circus with a flourish, Ringmaster Rat is the showman with the grandest gestures.
150. Skydiver Rat - Leaping from the loftiest of ledges, Skydiver Rat is the free spirit with the bravest heart.
151. Tailor Rat - Measuring twice and cutting once, Tailor Rat fashions the sharpest outfits from old sock scraps.
152. Umpire Rat - Calling the shots in the bottlecap baseball league, Umpire Rat upholds the rules of the game.
153. Violinist Rat - Drawing a bow across cheese wire strings, Violinist Rat fills the alley with concertos.
154. Windsurfer Rat - Catching the draft above the air vent, Windsurfer Rat is the surfer of the urban seas.
155. Xenobiologist Rat - Studying the alien-like insects, Xenobiologist Rat unravels the mysteries of other small beings.
156. Yogi Rat - Mastering poses that boggle the mind, Yogi Rat is the guru of rodent relaxation.
157. Zookeeper Rat - Caring for a menagerie of dust bunnies, Zookeeper Rat is the caretaker of the smallest zoo.
158. Architect Rat - Drafting blueprints for cheese fortresses, Architect Rat is the builder of dreams.
159. Blacksmith Rat - Forging tiny tools from tin foil, Blacksmith Rat is the smithy of the under-couch realm.
160. Composer Rat - Writing symphonies for the squeaks and scratches of the night, Composer Rat is the maestro of the unseen.
161. Crime Novelist Rat - Weaving intricate mysteries, Crime Novelist Rat is the Agatha Christie of the rodent world.
162. Explorer Rat - Venturing into uncharted territory behind the fridge, Explorer Rat is the adventurer of the unknown.
163. Firefighter Rat - Dousing flames with a droplet bucket brigade, Firefighter Rat is the hero of the hearth.
164. Golfer Rat - Swinging toothpick clubs at pea balls, Golfer Rat is the champion of the crumb course.
165. Horticulturist Rat - Nurturing sprouts in bottle gardens, Horticulturist Rat is the green thumb of the garbage.
166. Illustrator Rat - Sketching portraits on postage stamps, Illustrator Rat is the artist with an eye for detail.
167. Jester Rat - Keeping the rat king amused with antics, Jester Rat is the clown prince of the pipes.
168. Kite Maker Rat - Crafting kites from leaves and twigs, Kite Maker Rat is the creator of high-flying art.
169. Lawyer Rat - Arguing cases in the court of crumbs, Lawyer Rat is the defender of the downtrodden.
299. Voodoo Boy Rat - Dealing in digital voodoo and secrets, Voodoo Boy Rat is the mystical master of the modem.
298. Tyger Claw Rat - Marked with tiny tattoos, Tyger Claw Rat is the silent assassin of the sewer syndicate.
172. Ornithologist Rat - Observing the sparrows and pigeons, Ornithologist Rat is the birdwatcher extraordinaire.
173. Ethicist Rat - Debating the morals of cheese sharing, Ethicist Rat is the conscience of the community.
174. Quartermaster Rat - Stocking pantries for long sieges, Quartermaster Rat is the keeper of the grains.
175. Racer Rat - Speeding through sewer circuits, Racer Rat is the speedster of the subterranean.
176. Sailor Rat - Navigating puddles in paper boat regattas, Sailor Rat is the admiral of the asphalt seas.
177. Teacher Rat - Educating young rodents in the ways of the world, Teacher Rat is the mentor of the masses.
178. Undercover Rat - Infiltrating kitchens with stealth, Undercover Rat is the agent of espionage.
179. Virologist Rat - Studying strains of cheese mold, Virologist Rat is the scientist of spores.
180. Watchman Rat - Keeping an eye on the comings and goings, Watchman Rat is the guardian of the night.
181. Xylographer Rat - Carving images into wood chips, Xylographer Rat is the printmaker of the pantry.
182. Yoga Master Rat - Bending into poses that spell 'cheese', Yoga Master Rat is the sage of stretch.
183. Zamboni Driver Rat - Smoothing over ice cube rinks, Zamboni Driver Rat is the caretaker of the cool.
184. Auctioneer Rat - Chattering off bids for bread crumbs, Auctioneer Rat is the dealer of the deal.
185. Barista Rat - Brewing the finest grounds found in filters, Barista Rat is the coffee connoisseur.
186. Curator Rat - Organizing exhibits of found objects, Curator Rat is the historian of the hallways.
187. Dietitian Rat - Balancing meals with an array of seeds and nuts, Dietitian Rat is the health guru.
188. Ecologist Rat - Monitoring the ecosystems of wall crevices, Ecologist Rat is the protector of the petite.
189. Falconer Rat - Training flies to perform, Falconer Rat is the master of the winged performers
190. Geneticist Rat - Unraveling the DNA of the urban rodentia, Geneticist Rat is the blueprint reader.
191. Hydrologist Rat - Charting the flow of leaks and drips, Hydrologist Rat is the water wizard.
192. Immunologist Rat - Ensuring a healthy colony with tiny vaccines, Immunologist Rat is the doctor of defense.
193. Gemstone Rat - With an eye for dazzling quartz, Gemstone Rat fashions glistening baubles from rock candy crystals.
297. Aldecaldo Rat - Building a community in the discarded, Aldecaldo Rat is the founder of the forgotten.
195. Lapidarist Rat - Polishing stones to a fine sheen, Lapidarist Rat is the gem genius.
196. Meteorite Hunter Rat - Scouring the ground for celestial crumbs, Meteorite Hunter Rat is the seeker of the skies.
197. Nutritionist Rat - Crafting diet plans for optimal cheese digestion, Nutritionist Rat is the health optimizer.
198. Osteologist Rat - Piecing together the skeletons of fallen snacks, Osteologist Rat is the bone builder.
199. Paleobotanist Rat - Digging up the history of ancient grains, Paleobotanist Rat is the plant past reader.
200. Quintain Jousting Rat - Tilting at toothpick lances, Quintain Jousting Rat is the knight of the nibble.
201. Radiologist Rat - Scanning through layers of linoleum for lost loot, Radiologist Rat is the seeker of the unseen.
202. Seamstress Rat - Weaving wonders with wool and water, Seamress Rat is the couturier of the corners.
203. Tobogganist Rat - Sliding down slopes of silverware, Tobogganist Rat is the slider of the silver slope.
204. Unicyclist Rat - Balancing on a single spool, Unicyclist Rat is the wheel wizard of the walkways.
205. Vaudevillian Rat - Mastering the arts of old-time entertainment, Vaudevillian Rat is the star of the storeroom stage.
206. Sumo Rat - In a ring of cracker crumbs, Sumo Rat is the hefty champion of the snack-sized dohyō.
207. Xray Technician Rat - Peeking behind the pantry doors, X-ray Technician Rat is the seer of the snacks.
208. Yodeler Rat - Echoing through the pipes with melodious calls, Yodeler Rat is the voice of the vents.
209. Zoographer Rat - Drawing the creatures of crumb-filled landscapes, Zoographer Rat is the recorder of the rodent realm.
210. Aerialist Rat - Soaring on strings in the lamplight, Aerialist Rat is the high-flyer of the high wires.
211. Gardener Rat - Tending to minuscule mushroom gardens, Gardener Rat cultivates the rarest molds.
212. Crooner Rat - Melting hearts with moonlit serenades, Crooner Rat is the velvet voice of the verandas.
213. Drum Major Rat - Leading parades with a baton tail, Drum Major Rat is the maestro of the march.
214. Ethologist Rat - Observing the customs of kitchen critters, Ethologist Rat is the cultural critic of critter conduct.
215. Freerunner Rat - Vaulting over vinegar bottles, Freerunner Rat is the acrobat of the alleys.
216. Geographer Rat - Mapping the contours of countertops, Geographer Rat is the surveyor of the surfaces.
217. Horologist Rat - Keeping time with tick-tocking tail, Horologist Rat is the timekeeper of the twilight.
218. Iron Chef Rat - Competing in the cutthroat kitchen contests, Iron Chef Rat is the culinary combatant.
219. Javelin Thrower Rat - Launching toothpicks over tin cans, Javelin Thrower Rat is the Olympian of the obstacles.
220. Kung Fu Master Rat - Displaying high-flying kicks and punches, Kung Fu Master Rat is the protector of the pantry.
221. Lumber Rat - Chopping matchsticks with mighty incisors, Lumber Rat is the timber titan of the toothpick forest.
222. Mountebank Rat - Dealing in trinkets and trash, Mountebank Rat is the trader of the treasures.
223. Naturalist Rat - Chronicling the lives of urban wildlife, Naturalist Rat is the documentarian of the dusk.
224. Ophthalmologist Rat - Ensuring every rodent sees the cheese at the end of the maze, Ophthalmologist Rat is the vision virtuoso.
225. Pugilist Rat - Ducking and weaving in bottle cap boxing rings, Pugilist Rat is the contender of the cardboard.
226. Quicksilver Rat - Dashing daringly through the danger, Quicksilver Rat is the swift shadow of the shelves.
227. Ringleader Rat - Commanding the circus of city creatures, Ringleader Rat is the orchestrator of the organized chaos.
228. Swashbuckler Rat - Dueling with toothpick swords, Swashbuckler Rat is the buccaneer of the baseboards.
229. Trapeze Artist Rat - Flying through the air with the greatest of ease, Trapeze Artist Rat is the darling of the drapes.
230. Upholder Rat - Maintaining the moral fiber of the foragers, Upholder Rat is the exemplar of the ethical.
231. Venturer Rat - Braving the wilds beyond the wall, Venturer Rat is the pioneer of the passageways.
232. Whittler Rat - Carving trinkets from twigs and trash, Whittler Rat is the sculptor of the scraps.
233. Xenologist Rat - Delving into the culture of kitchen dwellers, Xenologist Rat is the anthropologist of the appliances.
234. Navigator Rat - With ancient star maps, Navigator Rat plots courses across the bubbly sea of the bathtub.
235. Zither Player Rat - Strumming strings stretched over sardine cans, Zither Player Rat is the musician of the melodious metal.
236. Alpinist Rat - Scaling the sheer faces of cupboard cliffs, Alpinist Rat is the climber of the crags.
275. Netrunner Rat - Diving into the digital depths of discarded devices, Netrunner Rat is the hacker of the hardware.
276. Fixer Rat - Brokering deals and patching up alliances, Fixer Rat is the wheeler-dealer of the wires.
277. Merc Rat - Armed with toothpick crossbows, Merc Rat is the hired paw of the underground.
278. Ripperdoc Rat - Installing cybernetic enhancements with microchips and LEDs, Ripperdoc Rat is the surgeon of the circuitry.
279. Corporate Rat - Climbing the ladder of mini conglomerates, Corporate Rat is the mogul of the minuscule megacorps.
280. Tech Rat - Rigging up gadgets from e-waste, Tech Rat is the inventor of the improvised.
281. Solo Rat - A lone warrior in the alleyways, Solo Rat is the silent sentinel of the shadows.
282. Nomad Rat - Roaming the outskirts with a pack of wanderers, Nomad Rat is the seeker of the streets.
296. Joytoy Rat - Offering escapism in exchange for scraps, Joytoy Rat is the pleasure provider of the pipelines.
284. Rockerboy Rat - Strumming a tune on stringed bottle caps, Rockerboy Rat is the rebel with a cause.
285. Media Rat - Broadcasting the truth from tiny radio sets, Media Rat is the voice of the voiceless.
286. Lawman Rat - Upholding order with a badge and a pebble pistol, Lawman Rat is the enforcer of the equitable.
287. Exec Rat - Commanding respect in boardrooms made of matchboxes, Exec Rat is the decision-maker of the diminutive domain.
288. MaxTac Rat - Suited in bottle armor and leading the charge, MaxTac Rat is the elite operative in rodent raids.
289. Netwatch Rat - Guarding the net against intrusions, Netwatch Rat is the defender of the data.
290. Moxes Rat - Defending the marginalized of the mouseholes, Moxes Rat is the guardian of the gutter.
291. Scavenger Rat - Scouring through scraps to find valuable tech, Scavenger Rat is the collector of the cybernetic treasure.
292. Braindance Editor Rat - Cutting and splicing memories for others to experience, Braindance Editor Rat is the director of dreams.
293. Cyberpsycho Rat - Pushed to the edge with too many chips, Cyberpsycho Rat is the unpredictable.
294. Doll Rat - Mastering the art of disguise and intrigue, Doll Rat is the seducer of the sectors.
295. Gangoon Rat - Running with the toughest crews, Gangoon Rat is the brawler of the backstreets.
